aaaron; ;freeling
aabraham; ;freeling
aadam; ;freeling
aadonay; ;freeling
aalexandre; ;freeling
aaluar; ;freeling
aamos; ;freeling
aanibal; ;freeling
aaron; ;freeling
abeniaf; ;freeling
abraam; ;freeling
abraham; ;freeling
achiles; ;freeling
achilles; ;freeling
adam; ;freeling
adan; ;freeling
adonay; ;freeling
adriano; ;freeling
aesdras; ;freeling
aeua; ;freeling
agamennon; ;freeling
agamenon; ;freeling
agostin; ;freeling
agostjn; ;freeling
agustin; ;freeling
agustjn; ;freeling
agustyn; ;freeling
aharon; ;freeling
albar; ; 
albarabarez; ; 
albarfanez; ; 
albarffanez; ; 
aldeffonsso; ;freeling
aldefonso; ;freeling
aldefonsso; ;freeling
alexandre; ;freeling
alffonso; ;freeling
alffonsso; ;freeling
alfonso; ;freeling
alfonsso; ;freeling
alfonssso; ;freeling
alixandre; ;freeling
aljxandre; ;freeling
almançor; ;freeling
aloar; ;freeling
alonso; ;freeling
alonsso; ;freeling
aluar; ;freeling
aluarez; ;freeling
aluariz; ;freeling
aluaro; ;freeling
alyxandre; ;freeling
ammon; ;freeling
amon; ;freeling
andres; ;freeling
angelica; ;freeling
anibal; ;freeling
anjbal; ;freeling
anna; ;freeling
annon; ;freeling
anon; ;freeling
anthigono; ;freeling
anthiocha; ;freeling
anthonio; ;freeling
anthonjo; ;freeling
antigono; ;freeling
antiocha; ;freeling
antiocho; ;freeling
antioco; ;freeling
antolinez; ; 
antonio; ;freeling
antonjo; ;freeling
antonyo; ;freeling
apollo; ;freeling
apollonio; ;freeling
apolo; ;freeling
apolonio; ;freeling
apolonyo; ;freeling
appollonio; ;freeling
appolo; ;freeling
archiles; ;freeling
areose; ;freeling
areusa; ;freeling
aristobolo; ;freeling
aristotel; ;freeling
aristoteles; ;freeling
aristotil; ;freeling
aristotiles; ;freeling
aristotyles; ;freeling
armenico; ;freeling
armenjco; ;freeling
arthus; ;freeling
artur; ;freeling
artus; ;freeling
asdrubal; ;freeling
atanarico; ;Hismetag
athanarico; ;Hismetag
atien;prueba;Hismetag
atolinez; ; 
augusto; ;freeling
aurelio; ;freeling
bacco; ;freeling
baco; ;freeling
baldouin; ;freeling
baldoujn; ;freeling
baldouyn; ;freeling
baltasar; ; 
baruc; ;freeling
baruch; ;freeling
basco; ;freeling
beatriz; ;freeling
benauent; ;freeling
benauente; ;freeling
beneuent; ;freeling
bermudez; ;freeling
bermudo; ;freeling
bernaldo; ;freeling
beruch; ;freeling
blanca; ;freeling
blancha; ;freeling
bllanca; ;freeling
boeçio; ;freeling
boymonte; ;freeling
cahym; ;freeling
calatraua; ;freeling
calisto; ;freeling
cardeno; ;freeling
carion; ;freeling
carles; ;freeling
carlos; ;freeling
carre;prueba;Hismetag
catalyna; ;freeling
caym; ;freeling
cayn; ;freeling
ccecilia; ;freeling
ce;comedia;Hismetag
cecilia; ;freeling
centurio; ;freeling
cesar; ;Hismetag
ceçilia; ;freeling
chaym; ;freeling
chayn; ;freeling
cicero; ;freeling
cifar; ;freeling
cit; ;freeling
cith; ;freeling
ciçero; ;freeling
claudio; ;freeling
cleopatra; ;freeling
compendio;prueba;Hismetag
constantino; ;freeling
constantjno; ;freeling
cornelio; ;freeling
cornilio; ;freeling
corualan; ;freeling
cosme;prueba;Hismetag
costancio; ;freeling
costantin; ;freeling
costantino; ;freeling
costantjn; ;freeling
costantjno; ;freeling
costantyn; ;freeling
costantyno; ;freeling
costançio; ;freeling
coxo;TEXT.AMU;Hismetag
daniel; ;freeling
danjel; ;freeling
dant; ;freeling
dante; ;freeling
dantes; ;freeling
dauid; ;freeling
dauit; ;freeling
daujd; ;freeling
daujt; ;freeling
dei; ; 
della;prueba;Hismetag
demetrio; ;freeling
demitrio; ;freeling
diascorus; ;freeling
diaz; ;freeling
dido; ;freeling
diego; ;freeling
dimitrio; ;freeling
dimjtrio; ;freeling
diomedes; ;freeling
dios;TEXT.ACN;Hismetag
dyomedes; ;freeling
eadem; ;freeling
eaden; ;freeling
ector; ;freeling
effraym; ;freeling
efraym; ;freeling
efrayn; ;freeling
ehufrates; ;freeling
eldefonso; ;freeling
elena; ;freeling
eluira; ;freeling
eluyra; ;freeling
emjlia; ;freeling
enric; ;freeling
enrique; ;freeling
enrric; ;freeling
enrrich; ;freeling
enrrique; ;freeling
enrryque; ;freeling
ephraym; ;freeling
ercoles; ;freeling
ercules; ;freeling
ermenia; ;freeling
erminia; ;freeling
esdras; ;freeling
esidro;TEXT.AAN;validar
espan;prueba;Hismetag
esteuan; ; 
et;TEXT.ACN;Hismetag
eua; ;freeling
euffrates; ;freeling
euffrathes; ;freeling
eufrates; ;freeling
euphrates; ;freeling
eusebio; ;freeling
eustachio; ;freeling
eustacio; ;freeling
eustaçio; ;freeling
ezechias; ;freeling
ezechiel; ;freeling
fabio; ;freeling
fadrique; ;freeling
façalcaçar;TEXT.AMU;Hismetag
fañez; ;freeling
fedrique; ;freeling
felip; ;freeling
felipe;prueba;Hismetag
felipo; ;freeling
felipp; ;freeling
fer;prueba;Hismetag
ferandes; ;freeling
ferandez; ;freeling
fernan; ;freeling
fernand; ;freeling
fernandez; ;freeling
fernando; ;freeling
fernant; ;freeling
ferrand; ;freeling
ferrandes; ;freeling
ferrandez; ;freeling
ferrandiz; ;freeling
ferrando; ;freeling
ferrnando; ;freeling
ffabio; ;freeling
ffariz; ;hismetag
ffernan; ;freeling
ffernand; ;freeling
ffernandez; ;freeling
ffernando; ;freeling
ffernant; ;freeling
fferrand; ;freeling
fferrandes; ;freeling
fferrandez; ;freeling
fferrant; ;freeling
fferrnando; ;freeling
ffilipo; ;freeling
filip; ;freeling
filipo; ;freeling
filippo; ;freeling
florencia;prueba;Hismetag
fredric; ;freeling
fridigenno; ;Hismetag
furtado; ;freeling
gabriel; ; 
galieno; ;freeling
galin; ; 
gallieno; ;freeling
galue; ;hismetag
galyeno; ;freeling
garc'ia; ;freeling
garci; ;freeling
garcia; ;freeling
garcy; ;freeling
garzia; ;freeling
garçi; ;freeling
garçia; ;freeling
gaspar; ; 
geofre; ;freeling
geremias; ;freeling
geremjas; ;freeling
geronjmo; ;freeling
godoffre; ;freeling
godofre; ;freeling
godufre; ;freeling
gomez; ;freeling
gonzales; ;freeling
gonçales; ;freeling
gonçalez; ;freeling
gonçalo; ;freeling
gonçaluo; ;freeling
gorualan; ;freeling
gotierre; ;freeling
gregorio; ;freeling
greçia; ;freeling
grigorio; ;freeling
gualieno;Historia_de_los_godos_de_San_Isidoro;Hismetag
gudofre; ;freeling
gudufre; ;freeling
guillem; ;freeling
gutiere; ;freeling
gutierre; ;freeling
guyllem; ;freeling
guzman; ;freeling
habraam; ;freeling
hamon; ;freeling
hannon; ;freeling
hanon; ;freeling
harchiles; ;freeling
hasdrubal; ;freeling
henric; ;freeling
henrric; ;freeling
henrrique; ;freeling
hercoles; ;freeling
hercules; ;freeling
herminia; ;freeling
herodes; ;freeling
heson;Historia_Troyana;Hismetag
iacob; ;freeling
iba;prueba;Hismetag
iesu; ;freeling
ihessu; ;freeling
ihesu; ;freeling
ihesuxpisto; ;freeling
ii;prueba;Hismetag
iii;prueba;Hismetag
iohan; ;freeling
ionas; ;freeling
iuda; ;freeling
iugurta; ;freeling
iupiter; ;freeling
jacob; ;freeling
jacobo; ; 
jaen;TEXT.AMU;Hismetag
jafet;Historia_de_los_godos_de_San_Isidoro;Hismetag
jason;Historia_de_los_godos_de_San_Isidoro;Hismetag
jayme; ;freeling
jeremjas; ;freeling
jessu; ;freeling
jesu; ;freeling
jheremias; ;freeling
jheremjas; ;freeling
jheronimo; ;freeling
jhesu; ;freeling
jhesus; ;freeling
joab; ;freeling
joachin; ;freeling
joachjn; ;freeling
joan; ;freeling
johan; ;freeling
john;prueba;Hismetag
jonathas; ;freeling
jordan; ;freeling
jorge; ;freeling
joseffo; ;freeling
josefo; ;freeling
josep; ;freeling
joseph; ;freeling
josepho; ;freeling
jossep; ;freeling
jossepho; ;freeling
jossue; ;freeling
josue; ;freeling
juan; ;freeling
juann; ;freeling
juda; ;freeling
jugurta; ;freeling
jugurtha; ;freeling
juhan; ;freeling
julian; ;freeling
julio; ;freeling
jullian; ;freeling
junno; ;freeling
juno; ;freeling
jupiter; ;freeling
jupither; ;freeling
juppiter; ;freeling
karles; ;freeling
karlos; ;freeling
konte; ;freeling
laomedon; ;Hismetag
lazaro; ;freeling
le;prueba;Hismetag
leonnor; ;freeling
leonor; ;freeling
lerma;prueba;Hismetag
lionor; ;freeling
lissandro; ;freeling
longinos; ; 
lopes; ;freeling
loys; ;freeling
lucano; ;freeling
lucanor; ;freeling
luchano; ;freeling
lucollo; ;freeling
lucrecia; ;freeling
lucrescia; ;freeling
lucrezia; ;freeling
lucreçia; ;freeling
lucullo; ;freeling
luculo; ;freeling
luys; ;freeling
luçena; ;freeling
magog;Historia_de_los_godos_de_San_Isidoro;Hismetag
mahoma; ;freeling
mahomad; ;freeling
mahomat; ;freeling
mahomath; ;freeling
mahomet; ;freeling
manrique; ;freeling
manrrique; ;freeling
manuel; ;freeling
maria; ;freeling
mario; ;freeling
mars; ;freeling
martin; ;freeling
martinez; ;freeling
martiniz; ;freeling
martino; ; 
martjn; ;freeling
martjnez; ;freeling
martyn; ;freeling
marya; ;freeling
marçello; ;freeling
matheo; ;freeling
medea; ;freeling
medici;prueba;Hismetag
melchior; ; 
melibea; ;freeling
mendoça; ;freeling
mitridati; ;freeling
mittridati; ;freeling
mjcer; ;freeling
mjçer; ;freeling
moab; ;freeling
molina; ;freeling
moljna; ;freeling
molyna; ;freeling
montaragon;Vidal_mayor;Hismetag
moysen; ;freeling
moyses; ;freeling
moyssen; ;freeling
moysses; ;freeling
muza; ;freeling
muça; ;freeling
nabucchodonosor; ;freeling
nabuchodonosor; ;freeling
narbona; ;freeling
naue; ;freeling
noradin; ;freeling
nunnez; ;freeling
nunyez; ;freeling
nuñez; ;freeling
nuño; ;freeling
octauiano; ;freeling
octaujano; ;freeling
octhaujano; ;freeling
oe-thes;Historia_Troyana;Hismetag
oethes;Historia_Troyana;Hismetag
oliueros; ;freeling
orazio;prueba;Hismetag
oris; ;freeling
orosio; ;freeling
orossio; ;freeling
osorio; ;freeling
osoryo; ;freeling
ossorio; ;freeling
ouidio; ;freeling
oujdio; ;freeling
panama;prueba;Hismetag
pao;prueba;Hismetag
paola;prueba;Hismetag
parmeno; ;freeling
pascual;TEXT.AMU;Hismetag
patronio; ;freeling
pe-leo;Historia_Troyana;Hismetag
pedro; ;freeling
pelayo; ;freeling
peleo;Historia_Troyana;Hismetag
pellayo; ;freeling
peres; ;freeling
perez; ;freeling
pericles; ;freeling
periz; ;freeling
perjcles; ;freeling
pero; ; 
persseo; ;freeling
phabio; ;freeling
phelip; ;freeling
phelipo; ;freeling
phelippo; ;freeling
philip; ;freeling
philipho; ;freeling
philipo; ;freeling
philippo; ;freeling
phillipo; ;freeling
phillippo; ;freeling
pirus; ;Hismetag
platon; ;freeling
pleberio; ;freeling
plinio; ;freeling
pljnio; ;freeling
pluton; ;freeling
poblio; ;freeling
pompeo;Historia_de_los_godos_de_San_Isidoro;Hismetag
pompeyo; ;freeling
ponpeyo; ;freeling
priaamo; ;freeling
priamo; ;freeling
ptholomeo; ;freeling
publio; ;freeling
pvblio; ;freeling
rachel; ;freeling
ramiro; ;freeling
ramjro; ;freeling
reg-no;Historia_Troyana;Hismetag
regno;Historia_Troyana;Hismetag
rena;prueba;Hismetag
rey;Historia_Troyana;Hismetag
roax; ;freeling
rodrigo; ; 
rodriguez; ;freeling
rodriguiz; ;freeling
royz; ;freeling
rrojas; ;freeling
rruy; ;freeling
ruben; ;freeling
ruy; ;freeling
ruyz; ;freeling
saboya;prueba;Hismetag
saladin; ;freeling
salamon; ;freeling
salhadin; ;freeling
salomon; ;freeling
saluadorez; ; 
samuel; ;freeling
sancha; ;freeling
sanches; ;freeling
sanchez; ;freeling
sanchis; ;freeling
sanchiz; ;freeling
sancho; ;freeling
santiago; ;freeling
santyago; ;freeling
saturno; ;freeling
saturnus; ;freeling
saul; ;freeling
scipion; ;freeling
sempronio; ;freeling
sempronyo; ;freeling
semuel; ;freeling
seneca; ;freeling
senpronio; ;freeling
sergio; ;freeling
simeon; ;freeling
simon; ;freeling
socrates; ;freeling
soliman; ;freeling
ssalamon; ;freeling
ssalomon; ;freeling
ssamuel; ;freeling
ssancha; ;freeling
ssanches; ;freeling
ssanchez; ;freeling
ssancho; ;freeling
ssantiago; ;freeling
ssaturno; ;freeling
ssaul; ;freeling
sseneca; ;freeling
ssergio; ;freeling
ssimeon; ;freeling
ssimon; ;freeling
ssocrates; ;freeling
ssymon; ;freeling
symeon; ;freeling
symon; ;freeling
symonja; ;freeling
sçeçilia; ;freeling
sçipion; ;freeling
sçiçilia; ;freeling
tauit; ;freeling
teseo; ;freeling
tesseo; ;freeling
thebas; ;freeling
theodorico; ;freeling
theodosio; ;freeling
theseo; ;freeling
tholomeo; ;freeling
tholommeo; ;freeling
tolomeo; ;freeling
toscana;prueba;Hismetag
tristan; ;freeling
ttristan; ;freeling
valent;Historia_de_los_godos_de_San_Isidoro;Hismetag
valeriano;Historia_de_los_godos_de_San_Isidoro;Hismetag
valerio; ;freeling
vallerio; ;freeling
venabides; ;freeling
venus; ;freeling
vergilio; ;freeling
vermudo; ;freeling
vermuez; ;medieval
vidas; ;medieval
virgilio; ;freeling
volpini;prueba;Hismetag
vrraca; ;freeling
vydas; ;freeling
xemena; ;freeling
ximena; ;freeling
ypocras; ;freeling
ysaac; ;freeling
ysabel; ;freeling
ysac; ;freeling
ysach; ;freeling
ysahac; ;freeling
ysayas; ;freeling
ysidoro; ;freeling
ysidro; ;freeling
ysmael; ;freeling
ysmahel; ;freeling
ysopo; ;freeling
yssaac; ;freeling
yssabel; ;freeling
yssayas; ;freeling
yssidoro; ;freeling
yssidro; ;freeling
yssopo; ;freeling
ysydoro; ;freeling
ysydro; ;freeling
zacharias; ;freeling
zid; ;freeling
zonte; ;freeling
çamora; ;freeling
çecilia; ;freeling
çenturio; ;freeling
çessar; ;freeling
çeçilia; ;freeling
çicero; ;freeling
çid; ;freeling
çifar; ;freeling
çit; ;freeling
çizero; ;freeling
çiçero; ;freeling
