aaaron; ;freeling;person
aabraham; ;freeling;person
aadam; ;freeling;person
aadonay; ;freeling;person
aalexandre; ;freeling;person
aaluar; ;freeling;person
aamos; ;freeling;person
aanibal; ;freeling;person
aaron; ;freeling;person
abeniaf; ;freeling;person
abraam; ;freeling;person
abraham; ;freeling;person
achiles; ;freeling;person
achilles; ;freeling;person
adam; ;freeling;person
adan; ;freeling;person
adonay; ;freeling;person
adriano; ;freeling;person
aesdras; ;freeling;person
aeua; ;freeling;person
agamennon; ;freeling;person
agamenon; ;freeling;person
agostin; ;freeling;person
agostjn; ;freeling;person
agustin; ;freeling;person
agustjn; ;freeling;person
agustyn; ;freeling;person
aharon; ;freeling;person
albar; ; ;person
albarabarez; ; ;person
albarfanez; ; ;person
albarffanez; ; ;person
aldeffonsso; ;freeling;person
aldefonso; ;freeling;person
aldefonsso; ;freeling;person
alexandre; ;freeling;person
alffonso; ;freeling;person
alffonsso; ;freeling;person
alfonso; ;freeling;person
alfonsso; ;freeling;person
alfonssso; ;freeling;person
alixandre; ;freeling;person
aljxandre; ;freeling;person
almançor; ;freeling;person
aloar; ;freeling;person
alonso; ;freeling;person
alonsso; ;freeling;person
aluar; ;freeling;person
aluarez; ;freeling;person
aluariz; ;freeling;person
aluaro; ;freeling;person
alyxandre; ;freeling;person
ammon; ;freeling;person
amon; ;freeling;person
andres; ;freeling;person
angelica; ;freeling;person
anibal; ;freeling;person
anjbal; ;freeling;person
anna; ;freeling;person
annon; ;freeling;person
anon; ;freeling;person
anthigono; ;freeling;person
anthiocha; ;freeling;person
anthonio; ;freeling;person
anthonjo; ;freeling;person
antigono; ;freeling;person
antiocha; ;freeling;person
antiocho; ;freeling;person
antioco; ;freeling;person
antolinez; ; ;person
antonio; ;freeling;person
antonjo; ;freeling;person
antonyo; ;freeling;person
apollo; ;freeling;person
apollonio; ;freeling;person
apolo; ;freeling;person
apolonio; ;freeling;person
apolonyo; ;freeling;person
appollonio; ;freeling;person
appolo; ;freeling;person
archiles; ;freeling;person
areose; ;freeling;person
areusa; ;freeling;person
aristobolo; ;freeling;person
aristotel; ;freeling;person
aristoteles; ;freeling;person
aristotil; ;freeling;person
aristotiles; ;freeling;person
aristotyles; ;freeling;person
armenico; ;freeling;person
armenjco; ;freeling;person
arthus; ;freeling;person
artur; ;freeling;person
artus; ;freeling;person
asdrubal; ;freeling;person
atanarico; ;Hismetag; person
athanarico; ;Hismetag; person
atien;prueba;Hismetag;person
atolinez; ; ; person
augusto; ;freeling;person
aurelio; ;freeling;person
bacco; ;freeling;person
baco; ;freeling;person
baldouin; ;freeling;person
baldoujn; ;freeling;person
baldouyn; ;freeling;person
baltasar; ; ;person
baruc; ;freeling;person
baruch; ;freeling;person
basco; ;freeling;person
beatriz; ;freeling;person
benauent; ;freeling;person
benauente; ;freeling;person
beneuent; ;freeling;person
bermudez; ;freeling;person
bermudo; ;freeling;person
bernaldo; ;freeling;person
beruch; ;freeling;person
blanca; ;freeling;person
blancha; ;freeling;person
bllanca; ;freeling;person
boeçio; ;freeling;person
boymonte; ;freeling;person
cahym; ;freeling;person
calatraua; ;freeling;person
calisto; ;freeling;person
cardeno; ;freeling;person
carion; ;freeling;person
carles; ;freeling;person
carlos; ;freeling;person
carre;prueba;Hismetag;person
catalyna; ;freeling;person
caym; ;freeling;person
cayn; ;freeling;person
ccecilia; ;freeling;person
ce;comedia;Hismetag;person
cecilia; ;freeling;person
centurio; ;freeling;person
cesar; ;Hismetag;person
ceçilia; ;freeling;person
chaym; ;freeling;person
chayn; ;freeling;person
cicero; ;freeling;person
cifar; ;freeling;person
cit; ;freeling;person
cith; ;freeling;person
ciçero; ;freeling;person
claudio; ;freeling;person
cleopatra; ;freeling;person
compendio;prueba;Hismetag;person
constantino; ;freeling;person
constantjno; ;freeling;person
cornelio; ;freeling;person
cornilio; ;freeling;person
corualan; ;freeling;person
cosme;prueba;Hismetag;person
costancio; ;freeling;person
costantin; ;freeling;person
costantino; ;freeling;person
costantjn; ;freeling;person
costantjno; ;freeling;person
costantyn; ;freeling;person
costantyno; ;freeling;person
costançio; ;freeling;person
coxo;TEXT.AMU;Hismetag;person
daniel; ;freeling;person
danjel; ;freeling;person
dant; ;freeling;person
dante; ;freeling;person
dantes; ;freeling;person
dauid; ;freeling;person
dauit; ;freeling;person
daujd; ;freeling;person
daujt; ;freeling;person
dei; ; ;deity
della;prueba;Hismetag;person
demetrio; ;freeling;person
demitrio; ;freeling;person
diascorus; ;freeling;person
diaz; ;freeling;person
dido; ;freeling;person
diego; ;freeling;person
dimitrio; ;freeling;person
dimjtrio; ;freeling;person
diomedes; ;freeling;person
dios;TEXT.ACN;Hismetag;person
dyomedes; ;freeling;person
eadem; ;freeling;person
eaden; ;freeling;person
ector; ;freeling;person
effraym; ;freeling;person
efraym; ;freeling;person
efrayn; ;freeling;person
ehufrates; ;freeling;person
eldefonso; ;freeling;person
elena; ;freeling;person
eluira; ;freeling;person
eluyra; ;freeling;person
emjlia; ;freeling;person
enric; ;freeling;person
enrique; ;freeling;person
enrric; ;freeling;person
enrrich; ;freeling;person
enrrique; ;freeling;person
enrryque; ;freeling;person
ephraym; ;freeling;person
ercoles; ;freeling;person
ercules; ;freeling;person
ermenia; ;freeling;person
erminia; ;freeling;person
esdras; ;freeling;person
esidro;TEXT.AAN;validar;person
espan;prueba;Hismetag;person
esteuan; ; ;person
et;TEXT.ACN;Hismetag;person
eua; ;freeling;person
euffrates; ;freeling;person
euffrathes; ;freeling;person
eufrates; ;freeling;person
euphrates; ;freeling;person
eusebio; ;freeling;person
eustachio; ;freeling;person
eustacio; ;freeling;person
eustaçio; ;freeling;person
ezechias; ;freeling;person
ezechiel; ;freeling;person
fabio; ;freeling;person
fadrique; ;freeling;person
façalcaçar;TEXT.AMU;Hismetag;person
fañez; ;freeling;person
fedrique; ;freeling;person
felip; ;freeling;person
felipe;prueba;Hismetag;person
felipo; ;freeling;person
felipp; ;freeling;person
fer;prueba;Hismetag;person
ferandes; ;freeling;person
ferandez; ;freeling;person
fernan; ;freeling;person
fernand; ;freeling;person
fernandez; ;freeling;person
fernando; ;freeling;person
fernant; ;freeling;person
ferrand; ;freeling;person
ferrandes; ;freeling;person
ferrandez; ;freeling;person
ferrandiz; ;freeling;person
ferrando; ;freeling;person
ferrnando; ;freeling;person
ffabio; ;freeling;person
ffariz; ;hismetag;person
ffernan; ;freeling;person
ffernand; ;freeling;person
ffernandez; ;freeling;person
ffernando; ;freeling;person
ffernant; ;freeling;person
fferrand; ;freeling;person
fferrandes; ;freeling;person
fferrandez; ;freeling;person
fferrant; ;freeling;person
fferrnando; ;freeling;person
ffilipo; ;freeling;person
filip; ;freeling;person
filipo; ;freeling;person
filippo; ;freeling;person
florencia;prueba;Hismetag;person
fredric; ;freeling;person
fridigenno; ;Hismetag;person
furtado; ;freeling;person
gabriel; ; ;person
galieno; ;freeling;person
galin; ; ; 
gallieno; ;freeling;person
galue; ;hismetag;person
galyeno; ;freeling;person
garc'ia; ;freeling;person
garci; ;freeling;person
garcia; ;freeling;person
garcy; ;freeling;person
garzia; ;freeling;person
garçi; ;freeling;person
garçia; ;freeling;person
gaspar; ; ;person
geofre; ;freeling;person
geremias; ;freeling;person
geremjas; ;freeling;person
geronjmo; ;freeling;person
godoffre; ;freeling;person
godofre; ;freeling;person
godufre; ;freeling;person
gomez; ;freeling;person
gonzales; ;freeling;person
gonçales; ;freeling;person
gonçalez; ;freeling;person
gonçalo; ;freeling;person
gonçaluo; ;freeling;person
gorualan; ;freeling;person
gotierre; ;freeling;person
gregorio; ;freeling;person
greçia; ;freeling;person
grigorio; ;freeling;person
gualieno;Historia_de_los_godos_de_San_Isidoro;Hismetag;person
gudofre; ;freeling;person
gudufre; ;freeling;person
guillem; ;freeling;person
gutiere; ;freeling;person
gutierre; ;freeling;person
guyllem; ;freeling;person
guzman; ;freeling;person
habraam; ;freeling;person
hamon; ;freeling;person
hannon; ;freeling;person
hanon; ;freeling;person
harchiles; ;freeling;person
hasdrubal; ;freeling;person
henric; ;freeling;person
henrric; ;freeling;person
henrrique; ;freeling;person
hercoles; ;freeling;person
hercules; ;freeling;person
herminia; ;freeling;person
herodes; ;freeling;person
heson;Historia_Troyana;Hismetag;person
iacob; ;freeling;person
iesu; ;freeling;person
ihessu; ;freeling;person
ihesu; ;freeling;person
ihesuxpisto; ;freeling;person
iohan; ;freeling;person
ionas; ;freeling;person
iuda; ;freeling;person
iugurta; ;freeling;person
iupiter; ;freeling;person
jacob; ;freeling;person
jacobo; ; ;person
jaen;TEXT.AMU;Hismetag;person
jafet;Historia_de_los_godos_de_San_Isidoro;Hismetag;person
jason;Historia_de_los_godos_de_San_Isidoro;Hismetag;person
jayme; ;freeling;person
jeremjas; ;freeling;person
jessu; ;freeling;person
jesu; ;freeling;person
jheremias; ;freeling;person
jheremjas; ;freeling;person
jheronimo; ;freeling;person
jhesu; ;freeling;person
jhesus; ;freeling;person
joab; ;freeling;person
joachin; ;freeling;person
joachjn; ;freeling;person
joan; ;freeling;person
johan; ;freeling;person
john;prueba;Hismetag;person
jonathas; ;freeling;person
jordan; ;freeling;person
jorge; ;freeling;person
joseffo; ;freeling;person
josefo; ;freeling;person
josep; ;freeling;person
joseph; ;freeling;person
josepho; ;freeling;person
jossep; ;freeling;person
jossepho; ;freeling;person
jossue; ;freeling;person
josue; ;freeling;person
juan; ;freeling;person
juann; ;freeling;person
juda; ;freeling;person
jugurta; ;freeling;person
jugurtha; ;freeling;person
juhan; ;freeling;person
julian; ;freeling;person
julio; ;freeling;person
jullian; ;freeling;person
junno; ;freeling;person
juno; ;freeling;person
jupiter; ;freeling;person
jupither; ;freeling;person
juppiter; ;freeling;person
karles; ;freeling;person
karlos; ;freeling;person
konte; ;freeling;person
laomedon; ;Hismetag;person
lazaro; ;freeling;person
leonnor; ;freeling;person
leonor; ;freeling;person
lionor; ;freeling;person
lissandro; ;freeling;person
longinos; ; ;person
lopes; ;freeling;person
loys; ;freeling;person
lucano; ;freeling;person
lucanor; ;freeling;person
luchano; ;freeling;person
lucollo; ;freeling;person
lucrecia; ;freeling;person
lucrescia; ;freeling;person
lucrezia; ;freeling;person
lucreçia; ;freeling;person
lucullo; ;freeling;person
luculo; ;freeling;person
luys; ;freeling;person
luçena; ;freeling;person
magog;Historia_de_los_godos_de_San_Isidoro;Hismetag;person
mahoma; ;freeling;person
mahomad; ;freeling;person
mahomat; ;freeling;person
mahomath; ;freeling;person
mahomet; ;freeling;person
manrique; ;freeling;person
manrrique; ;freeling;person
manuel; ;freeling;person
maria; ;freeling;person
mario; ;freeling;person
mars; ;freeling;person
martin; ;freeling;person
martinez; ;freeling;person
martiniz; ;freeling;person
martino; ; ;person
martjn; ;freeling;person
martjnez; ;freeling;person
martyn; ;freeling;person
marya; ;freeling;person
marçello; ;freeling;person
matheo; ;freeling;person
medea; ;freeling;person
medici;prueba;Hismetag;person
melchior; ; ;person
melibea; ;freeling;person
mendoça; ;freeling;person
mitridati; ;freeling;person
mittridati; ;freeling;person
mjcer; ;freeling;person
mjçer; ;freeling;person
moab; ;freeling;person
molina; ;freeling;person
moljna; ;freeling;person
molyna; ;freeling;person
montaragon;Vidal_mayor;Hismetag;person
moysen; ;freeling;person
moyses; ;freeling;person
moyssen; ;freeling;person
moysses; ;freeling;person
muza; ;freeling;person
muça; ;freeling;person
nabucchodonosor; ;freeling;person
nabuchodonosor; ;freeling;person
narbona; ;freeling;person
naue; ;freeling;person
noradin; ;freeling;person
nunnez; ;freeling;person
nunyez; ;freeling;person
nuñez; ;freeling;person
nuño; ;freeling;person
octauiano; ;freeling;person
octaujano; ;freeling;person
octhaujano; ;freeling;person
oe-thes;Historia_Troyana;Hismetag;person
oethes;Historia_Troyana;Hismetag;person
oliueros; ;freeling;person
orazio;prueba;Hismetag;person
oris; ;freeling;person
orosio; ;freeling;person
orossio; ;freeling;person
osorio; ;freeling;person
osoryo; ;freeling;person
ossorio; ;freeling;person
ouidio; ;freeling;person
oujdio; ;freeling;person
panama;prueba;Hismetag;person
pao;prueba;Hismetag;person
paola;prueba;Hismetag;person
parmeno; ;freeling;person
pascual;TEXT.AMU;Hismetag;person
patronio; ;freeling;person
pe-leo;Historia_Troyana;Hismetag;person
pedro; ;freeling;person
pelayo; ;freeling;person
peleo;Historia_Troyana;Hismetag;person
pellayo; ;freeling;person
peres; ;freeling;person
perez; ;freeling;person
pericles; ;freeling;person
periz; ;freeling;person
perjcles; ;freeling;person
pero; ; ;person
persseo; ;freeling;person
phabio; ;freeling;person
phelip; ;freeling;person
phelipo; ;freeling;person
phelippo; ;freeling;person
philip; ;freeling;person
philipho; ;freeling;person
philipo; ;freeling;person
philippo; ;freeling;person
phillipo; ;freeling;person
phillippo; ;freeling;person
pirus; ;Hismetag;person
platon; ;freeling;person
pleberio; ;freeling;person
plinio; ;freeling;person
pljnio; ;freeling;person
pluton; ;freeling;person
poblio; ;freeling;person
pompeo;Historia_de_los_godos_de_San_Isidoro;Hismetag;person
pompeyo; ;freeling;person
ponpeyo; ;freeling;person
priaamo; ;freeling;person
priamo; ;freeling;person
ptholomeo; ;freeling;person
publio; ;freeling;person
pvblio; ;freeling;person
rachel; ;freeling;person
ramiro; ;freeling;person
ramjro; ;freeling;person
reg-no;Historia_Troyana;Hismetag;person
regno;Historia_Troyana;Hismetag;person
rena;prueba;Hismetag;person
rey;Historia_Troyana;Hismetag;person
roax; ;freeling;person
rodrigo; ; ;person
rodriguez; ;freeling;person
rodriguiz; ;freeling;person
royz; ;freeling;person
rrojas; ;freeling;person
rruy; ;freeling;person
ruben; ;freeling;person
ruy; ;freeling;person
ruyz; ;freeling;person
saboya;<;Hismetag;person
saladin; ;freeling;person
salamon; ;freeling;person
salhadin; ;freeling;person
salomon; ;freeling;person
saluadorez; ; ;person
samuel; ;freeling;person
sancha; ;freeling;person
sanches; ;freeling;person
sanchez; ;freeling;person
sanchis; ;freeling;person
sanchiz; ;freeling;person
sancho; ;freeling;person
santiago; ;freeling;person
santyago; ;freeling;person
saturno; ;freeling;person
saturnus; ;freeling;person
saul; ;freeling;person
scipion; ;freeling;person
sempronio; ;freeling;person
sempronyo; ;freeling;person
semuel; ;freeling;person
seneca; ;freeling;person
senpronio; ;freeling;person
sergio; ;freeling;person
simeon; ;freeling;person
simon; ;freeling;person
socrates; ;freeling;person
soliman; ;freeling;person
ssalamon; ;freeling;person
ssalomon; ;freeling;person
ssamuel; ;freeling;person
ssancha; ;freeling;person
ssanches; ;freeling;person
ssanchez; ;freeling;person
ssancho; ;freeling;person
ssantiago; ;freeling;person
ssaturno; ;freeling;person
ssaul; ;freeling;person
sseneca; ;freeling;person
ssergio; ;freeling;person
ssimeon; ;freeling;person
ssimon; ;freeling;person
ssocrates; ;freeling;person
ssymon; ;freeling;person
symeon; ;freeling;person
symon; ;freeling;person
symonja; ;freeling;person
sçeçilia; ;freeling;person
sçipion; ;freeling;person
sçiçilia; ;freeling;person
tauit; ;freeling;person
teseo; ;freeling;person
tesseo; ;freeling;person
thebas; ;freeling;person
theodorico; ;freeling;person
theodosio; ;freeling;person
theseo; ;freeling;person
tholomeo; ;freeling;person
tholommeo; ;freeling;person
tolomeo; ;freeling;person
toscana;prueba;Hismetag;person
tristan; ;freeling;person
ttristan; ;freeling;person
valent;Historia_de_los_godos_de_San_Isidoro;Hismetag;person
valeriano;Historia_de_los_godos_de_San_Isidoro;Hismetag;person
valerio; ;freeling;person
vallerio; ;freeling;person
venabides; ;freeling;person
venus; ;freeling;person
vergilio; ;freeling;person
vermudo; ;freeling;person
vermuez; ;medieval;person
vidas; ;medieval;person
virgilio; ;freeling;person
volpini;prueba;Hismetag;person
vrraca; ;freeling;person
vydas; ;freeling;person
xemena; ;freeling;person
ximena; ;freeling;person
ypocras; ;freeling;person
ysaac; ;freeling;person
ysabel; ;freeling;person
ysac; ;freeling;person
ysach; ;freeling;person
ysahac; ;freeling;person
ysayas; ;freeling;person
ysidoro; ;freeling;person
ysidro; ;freeling;person
ysmael; ;freeling;person
ysmahel; ;freeling;person
ysopo; ;freeling;person
yssaac; ;freeling;person
yssabel; ;freeling;person
yssayas; ;freeling;person
yssidoro; ;freeling;person
yssidro; ;freeling;person
yssopo; ;freeling;person
ysydoro; ;freeling;person
ysydro; ;freeling;person
zacharias; ;freeling;person
zid; ;freeling;person
zonte; ;freeling;person
çamora; ;freeling;person
çecilia; ;freeling;person
çenturio; ;freeling;person
çessar; ;freeling;person
çeçilia; ;freeling;person
çicero; ;freeling;person
çid; ;freeling;person
çifar; ;freeling;person
çit; ;freeling;person
çizero; ;freeling;person
çiçero; ;freeling;person
